

  Composite Capabilities/Preference Profiles: Terminology and
  Abbreviations
  
  
  







Composite Capabilities/Preference Profiles: Terminology and
Abbreviations

W3C Working Draft 21 July 2000

  This version:
    http://www.w3.org/TR/2000/WD-CCPP-ta-20000721/
  Latest version:
    http://www.w3.org/TR/CCPP-ta/
  Editors:
    Mikael Nilsson, mikael.nilsson@ks.ericsson.se,
      Ericsson


Copyright ©
2000 W3C ® (MIT, INRIA, Keio), All
Rights Reserved. W3C liability,
trademark,
document
use and software
licensing rules apply.



Abstract

This document contains terminology and abbreviations that are used in other
CC/PP documents. For a detailed description of CC/PP, please see [CC/PP].



Status of this document

This document is a working draft made available by the World Wide Web
Consortium (W3C) for discussion only. This indicates no endorsement of its
content. This is the first public working draft, and work in progress, 
representing the current consensus of the working group, 
and future updates and changes are likely.

The working group is part of the W3C Mobile Access activity.
Continued status of the work is reported on the CC/PP Working Group Home Page (Member-only link).

It incorporates suggestions resulting from reviews and active participation
by members of the IETF CONNEG working group and the WAP Forum UAprof drafting
committee.

Please send comments and feedback to www-mobile@w3.org.

A list of current W3C Recommendations and other technical documents can be
found at http://www.w3.org/TR/.

Table of Contents


1. Terminology
2. Abbreviations
3. References



1. Terminology

The key words "MUST," "MUST NOT," "SHOULD," "SHOULD NOT," "MAY," and "MAY
NOT" in this document are to be interpreted as described in RFC 2119 [RFC2119].

The following terms are used in this document.

  Anonymization
    Hiding the identity of the user as a security precaution.
  Assurance of origin
    Information provided to the receiver of a
      message that allows it to be certain of the origin of the message. (This
      assurance may not be sufficient to convince any other party about the
      origin of the message.)
  Assurance of receipt
    Information provided to the sender of a message
      that allows it to be certain that the message was delivered to its
      intended recipient. This is not necessarily a proof of receipt.
  Attributes
    A CC/PP attribute refers to the data elements describing the profile and is denoted as an RDF property. Each
      CC/PP attribute is associated with a value or a list of values or
      resources.
  Authentication
    Some communication process that provides definite and tamper-proof
      information about the identity of a communicating party.
  Authorization
    Permission to view or modify a data
      resource, or to perform some other action. Authorization is usually
      granted to an identified entity, and thus depends on authentication of the party performing the
      action.
  CC/PP Repository
    A server that stores the user agent
      profile or profile segments persistently in a
      form that may be referenced by and incorporated into a profile. A CC/PP
      repository is typically a Web server that provides CC/PP profiles or profile segments in response to HTTP requests.
  Cacheable
    A data resource is said to be "cacheable"
      if the data resource contains a property
      that allows a sever to determine whether the cached resource matches a
      request for a similar resource.
  Cache
    A storage area used by a server or proxy to store
      data resources that have been retrieved or
      created in response to a request. When a new request for a "cached" data resource is received, the server or proxy can respond with the cached version instead of
      retrieving or creating a new copy.
  Capability
    An attribute of a sender or receiver (often
      the receiver) which indicates an ability to
      generate or process a particular type of message content. See also "Attributes".
  Channel security
    A form of security (authentication and/or confidentiality) that operates on a given
      communication channel, regardless of the information that is transferred
      over that channel. The security thus provided is
      between the end-points of the channel only.
  Client
    An entity that is the original compositor of a CC/PP profile.
  Confidentiality
    Protecting the content of a message from unauthorized disclosure.
  Content Generation
    For the purpose of this specification, "content generation" refers to
      generating content appropriate to the user
      agent profile of the request by using the user agent profile as input to a  dynamic content generation engine. The XSL
      and style sheets of the document are used to
      tailor the document to the user agent profile of the request.
  Content Negotiation
    The mechanism for selecting the appropriate representation when
      servicing a request. The representation of entities in any response can
      be negotiated (including error responses).
  Content Selection
    For the purpose of this specification, "content selection" refers to
      selecting an appropriate document from a list of
      possible choices or variants by matching the document profile with the user agent profile of the request.
  Content Provider
    A server that originates content in response to a request.
  Data Resource
    A data object that can be transferred across a network. Data resources
      may be available in multiple representations (e.g. multiple languages,
      data formats, size, resolutions) or vary in other ways.
  Document
    For the purpose of this specification, "document" refers to content
      supplied in response to a request. Using this definition, a "document"
      may be a collection of smaller "documents", which in turn is a part of a
      greater "document".
  Document Profile
    Document profiles offer a means to characterize the features appropriate to given categories of user
      agents. For instance, one profile might include
      support for style sheets, vector graphics and scripting, while another
      might be restricted to the tags in HTML 3.2. Document profiles can be
      used by servers to select between document variants developed for different user agent
      categories. They can be used to determine what transformations to apply
      when such variants are not available. Content
      developers can use document profiles to ensure that their web sites will
      be rendered as intended.
  Dynamic Content
    Content that is generated in response to a request. This may be used
      for content that depends on changing environmental factors such as time
      (e.g., stock quotes) or place (e.g., nearby gas stations)
  Feature
    Functional property of a device or entity.
  Gateway
    Software that is capable of bridging disparate network protocols. For
      the purposes of this specification, "gateway" refers to protocol
      bridging functionality, which may exist in a stand-alone gateway or may
      be co-located with a proxy or origin server.
  Hint
    A suggestion or preference for a particular
      option. While this option is strongly recommended, its use is not
      required.
  Integrity
    Procedures applied to ensure that information is not corrupted in
      transit. Different integrity procedures may protect against accidental
      or intentional corruption of data.
  Machine Understandable
    Data that is described with tags that associate a meaning to the data
      (i.e., an "author" tag would describe the author of the document), allowing data to be searched or combined
      and not just displayed.
  Namespace
    A qualifier added to an XML tag to ensure uniqueness among XML
      elements.
  Negotiate Content
    Message content that has been selected by content negotiation.
  Negotiation Metadata
    Information which is exchanged between the sender and the receiver of a message by content negotiation in order to determine
      the variant which should be transferred.
  Non-repudiation
    This term has been the subject