Semantic Web - W3C


 W3C

StandardsParticipateMembershipAbout W3C
 






Site Navigation
    Standards 
       
        Web Design and Applications
        Web Architecture
        Semantic Web
        XML Technology
        Web of Services
        Web of Devices
        Browsers and Authoring Tools
        All Standards and Drafts
        About W3C Standards
       
       



       
         
          Skip
          W3C » 
          Standards » 
          Semantic Web
                    
     
    

   Semantic Web
On this page ? 
    technology topics
    •
  
    news
    •
  
    upcoming events and talks
      



In addition to the classic “Web of documents” W3C is helping to build
	  a technology stack to support a “Web of data,” the sort of data you find in databases. The ultimate goal of the Web of data is to enable computers to do more useful work and to develop systems that can support trusted interactions over the network. The term “Semantic Web” refers to W3C’s vision of the Web of linked data. Semantic Web technologies enable people to create data stores on the Web, build vocabularies, and write rules for handling data. Linked data are empowered by technologies such as RDF, SPARQL, OWL, and SKOS.




   
      
         
            Linked Data 
            
         
         
        The Semantic Web is a Web of data — of dates and titles
	and part numbers and chemical properties and any other data one
	might conceive of. RDF provides the foundation for publishing
	and linking your data. Various technologies allow you to
	embed data in documents (RDFa, GRDDL) or expose what you have
	in SQL databases, or make it available as RDF files.
      
      
      
         
            Vocabularies 
            
         
         
	  At times it may be important or valuable to organize data.
	  Using OWL (to build vocabularies, or “ontologies”) and SKOS (for designing
	  knowledge organization systems) it is possible to
	  enrich data with additional meaning, which allows more people
	  (and more machines) to do more with the data.
      
      
      
         
            Query 
            
         
         
	  Query languages go hand-in-hand with databases.
	  If the Semantic Web is viewed as a global database, then
	  it is easy to understand why one would need a query language
	  for that data. SPARQL is the query language for the
	Semantic Web.
      
      
   
   
      
         
            Inference 
            
         
         
        Near the top of the Semantic Web stack one finds inference
        — reasoning over data through rules. W3C work on rules,
	primarily through RIF and OWL, is
        focused on translating between rule languages and
        exchanging rules among different systems.
      
      
      
         
            Vertical Applications 
            
         
         
        W3C is working with different industries — for example in
        Health Care and Life Sciences, eGovernment, and Energy — to improve collaboration,
        research and development, and innovation adoption through
        Semantic Web technology. For instance, by aiding
        decision-making in clinical research, Semantic Web
        technologies will bridge many forms of biological and
        medical information across institutions.
      
      
   



News 








Announcing The Unicode Standard, Version 7.0



17 June
2014

from 

Internationalization Activity Blog » w3cSemanticWeb




Version 7.0
of the Unicode Standardis now available, adding 2,834 new
characters. This latest version adds the new currency symbols for
the Russian ruble and Azerbaijani manat, approximately 250 emoji
(pictographic symbols), many other symbols, and 23 new lesser-used
and historic scripts, as well as character additions to many
existing scripts. These additions extend support for written
languages of North America, China, India, other Asian countries,
and Africa. See the link above for full details.Most of the new emoji characters derive from characters in
long-standing and widespread use in Wingdings and Webdings
fonts.Major enhancements were made to the Indic script properties. New
property values were added to enable a more algorithmic approach to
rendering Indic scripts. These include properties for joining
behavior, new classes for numbers, and a further division of the
syllabic categories of viramas and rephas. With these enhancements,
the default rendering for newly added Indic scripts can be
significantly improved.Unicode character properties were extended to the new
characters. The old characters have enhancements to Script and
Alphabetic properties, and casing and line-breaking behavior. There
were also nearly 3,000 new Cantonese pronunciation entries, as well
as new or clarified stability policies for promoting interoperable
implementations.Two other important Unicode specifications are maintained in
synchrony with the Unicode Standard, and have updates for Version
7.0. These will be released at the same time:
UTS #10,
Unicode Collation Algorithm— the standard for sorting Unicode
text

UTS #46,
Unicode IDNA Compatibility Processing— for processing of
non-ASCII URLs (IDNs)






Workshop report: Summary of the LD4LT group kickoff / LIDER
roadmapping workshop



11 June
2014

from 

Internationalization Activity Blog » w3cSemanticWeb

The 
LIDER project has
published a report on the first 
Linked Data for
Language Technology event, which was held 21st March in
alignment with the European Data Forum in Athens. 

Read the report.Industry stakeholders from many areas (localization, publishing,
language technology applications etc.) and key researchers from
linked data and language technology discussed promises and
challenges around linguistic linked data. The report summarizes all
presentations and includes an initial list of use cases and
requirements for linguistic linked data. This and the overall
outcome of the event will feed into work of the 
LD4LT group (see
especially the 

LD4LT latest draft version of use cases), and the field of
multilingual linked data in general.The 
LD4LT group is part
of the MultilingualWeb community – learn more about 
related
projects.






Last Call draft published for Encoding spec



06 June
2014

from 

Internationalization Activity Blog » w3cSemanticWeb

A Last Call Working Draft of 

Encodinghas been published.While encodings have been defined to some extent,
implementations have not always implemented them in the same way,
have not always used the same labels, and often differ in dealing
with undefined and former proprietary areas of encodings. This
specification attempts to fill those gaps so that new
implementations do not have to reverse engineer encoding
implementations of the market leaders and existing implementations
can converge.The body of this spec is an exact copy of the WHATWG version as
of the date of its publication, intended to provide a stable
reference for other specifications. We are hoping for people to
review the specification and send comments about any technical
areas that need attention (see the Status section for details).Please send comments by 
1 July 2014.






One more week to FEISGILTT – learn about and contribute to the
future of Web and localization standards!



28 May
2014

from 

Internationalization Activity Blog » w3cSemanticWeb

On 4 June and as part of the Localization World conference in
Dublin, the 

FEISGILTT event will again provide an opportunity to discuss
latest developments around localization and multilingual Web
technologies. The event is sponsored by the 
LIDER project.Highlights include updates about ITS 2.0 and XLIFF 2.0, and a
session about usage scenarios for linguistic linked data in
localization. Speakers include Kevin O’Donnell (Microsoft), Bryan
Schnabel (Tektronix), Yves Savourel (Enlaso) and many more.
Register nowto meet the key players around standards that
will influence today’s and future business.






Slides for the MultilingualWeb and LIDER workshops available



15 May
2014

from 

Internationalization Activity Blog » w3cSemanticWeb



The slides from the 

MultilingualWeb workshop (including several p