Web of Services - W3C


 W3C

StandardsParticipateMembershipAbout W3C
 






Site Navigation
    Standards 
       
        Web Design and Applications
        Web Architecture
        Semantic Web
        XML Technology
        Web of Services
        Web of Devices
        Browsers and Authoring Tools
        All Standards and Drafts
        About W3C Standards
       
       



       
         
          Skip
          W3C » 
          Standards » 
          Web of Services
                    
     
    

   Web of Services
On this page ? 
    technology topics
    •
  
    news
    •
  
    upcoming events and talks
      



Web of Services refers to message-based design frequently found on the Web and in enterprise software. The Web of Services is based on technologies such as HTTP, XML, SOAP, WSDL, SPARQL, and others.




   
      
         
            Protocols 
            
         
         
        Depending on the application constraints for exchanging
        data across the Web, developers can choose among a series
        of protocols such as HTTP, SOAP and Web Services.
      
      
      
         
            Service Description 
            
         
         
        In specific environments, Web services description defines
        formally machine readable interfaces for accessing the
        data. WSDL, SML, and choreography and policy specifications
	enable descriptions, and Web Services and Semantic Web
	connect through semantic annotations.
      
      
      
         
            Security 
            
         
         
        Transferring data from one domain to another domain or
        between applications needs sometimes a secure transaction
        and well defined document authentication. XML Encryption and
	XML Signature are key pieces of the XML security stack.
      
      
   
   
      
         
            Internationalization 
            
         
         
	Internationalization of Web services concerns service descriptions,
	communicating language and locale, and internationization
	of human-readable messages exchanged by services.
      
      
   



News 








Announcing The Unicode Standard, Version 7.0



17 June
2014

from 

Internationalization Activity Blog » w3cWebServices




Version 7.0
of the Unicode Standardis now available, adding 2,834 new
characters. This latest version adds the new currency symbols for
the Russian ruble and Azerbaijani manat, approximately 250 emoji
(pictographic symbols), many other symbols, and 23 new lesser-used
and historic scripts, as well as character additions to many
existing scripts. These additions extend support for written
languages of North America, China, India, other Asian countries,
and Africa. See the link above for full details.Most of the new emoji characters derive from characters in
long-standing and widespread use in Wingdings and Webdings
fonts.Major enhancements were made to the Indic script properties. New
property values were added to enable a more algorithmic approach to
rendering Indic scripts. These include properties for joining
behavior, new classes for numbers, and a further division of the
syllabic categories of viramas and rephas. With these enhancements,
the default rendering for newly added Indic scripts can be
significantly improved.Unicode character properties were extended to the new
characters. The old characters have enhancements to Script and
Alphabetic properties, and casing and line-breaking behavior. There
were also nearly 3,000 new Cantonese pronunciation entries, as well
as new or clarified stability policies for promoting interoperable
implementations.Two other important Unicode specifications are maintained in
synchrony with the Unicode Standard, and have updates for Version
7.0. These will be released at the same time:
UTS #10,
Unicode Collation Algorithm— the standard for sorting Unicode
text

UTS #46,
Unicode IDNA Compatibility Processing— for processing of
non-ASCII URLs (IDNs)






Workshop report: Summary of the LD4LT group kickoff / LIDER
roadmapping workshop



11 June
2014

from 

Internationalization Activity Blog » w3cWebServices

The 
LIDER project has
published a report on the first 
Linked Data for
Language Technology event, which was held 21st March in
alignment with the European Data Forum in Athens. 

Read the report.Industry stakeholders from many areas (localization, publishing,
language technology applications etc.) and key researchers from
linked data and language technology discussed promises and
challenges around linguistic linked data. The report summarizes all
presentations and includes an initial list of use cases and
requirements for linguistic linked data. This and the overall
outcome of the event will feed into work of the 
LD4LT group (see
especially the 

LD4LT latest draft version of use cases), and the field of
multilingual linked data in general.The 
LD4LT group is part
of the MultilingualWeb community – learn more about 
related
projects.






Last Call draft published for Encoding spec



06 June
2014

from 

Internationalization Activity Blog » w3cWebServices

A Last Call Working Draft of 

Encodinghas been published.While encodings have been defined to some extent,
implementations have not always implemented them in the same way,
have not always used the same labels, and often differ in dealing
with undefined and former proprietary areas of encodings. This
specification attempts to fill those gaps so that new
implementations do not have to reverse engineer encoding
implementations of the market leaders and existing implementations
can converge.The body of this spec is an exact copy of the WHATWG version as
of the date of its publication, intended to provide a stable
reference for other specifications. We are hoping for people to
review the specification and send comments about any technical
areas that need attention (see the Status section for details).Please send comments by 
1 July 2014.






One more week to FEISGILTT – learn about and contribute to the
future of Web and localization standards!



28 May
2014

from 

Internationalization Activity Blog » w3cWebServices

On 4 June and as part of the Localization World conference in
Dublin, the 

FEISGILTT event will again provide an opportunity to discuss
latest developments around localization and multilingual Web
technologies. The event is sponsored by the 
LIDER project.Highlights include updates about ITS 2.0 and XLIFF 2.0, and a
session about usage scenarios for linguistic linked data in
localization. Speakers include Kevin O’Donnell (Microsoft), Bryan
Schnabel (Tektronix), Yves Savourel (Enlaso) and many more.
Register nowto meet the key players around standards that
will influence today’s and future business.






Slides for the MultilingualWeb and LIDER workshops available



15 May
2014

from 

Internationalization Activity Blog » w3cWebServices



The slides from the 

MultilingualWeb workshop (including several posters) and the 

LIDER roadmapping workshopare now available for download.
Additional material (videos of the presentations, a workshop report
and more) will follow in the next weeks – stay tuned.






MultilingualWeb workshop 7-8 May – follow via live stream!



06 May
2014

from 

Internationalization Activity Blog » w3cWebServices



The MultilingualWeb workshop on 7-8 May will be 

streamed live ! Follow the event online if you cannot make it to
Madrid. For details about speakers and presentations see the 

workshop program . The workshop is supported by the 
LIDER project and sponsored
by 
Verisign and 
Lionbridge.






Program published for W3C MultilingualWeb Workshop in Madrid, 7-8
May



11 April
2014

from 

Internationalization Activity Blog » w3cWebServices





See the program.The keynote speaker will be Alolita Sharma,
Director of Language Engineering from the Wikimedia Foundation. She
is followed by a strong line up in sessions entitled Developers,
Creators, Localizers, Machines, and Users, including speakers from
Microsoft, Wikimedia Foundation, the UN FAO, W3C, Yandex, SDL,
Lionbridge, Asia Pacific TLD, Verisign, DFKI, and many more. On the
afternoon of the second 