 
  
   
  ask.UWindsor - Support Home Page 
    
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  
  Skip Navigation   
  
   
   
  
   
    
   
    
    
      
      
       FUTURE STUDENTS
       
       
        
        
         STUDENT LIFE 
         
         
          
           
            Overview Athletics + Recreation Services Lancers Varsity Sports University Players SoCA Concerts & Events 
            
            Student Accessibility Services Events Calendar Residence Food Services Student Support 
            
           
          
         
        
        
        
         RESEARCH 
         
         
          
           
            Overview Vice-President, Research & Innovation Research & Innovation Services Research appointments 
            
            Research Ethics Research Safety Animal Care Research Finance 
            
            Leddy Library UWill Discover! EPICentre 
            
           
          
         
        
        
        
         ACADEMICS 
         
         
          
           
            
            
             PROGRAMS
             Undergraduate Programs Graduate Programs International Programs Continuing Education Registrar's Office 
            
            
            
             FACULTIES
             Arts, Humanities + Social Sciences Law Education Nursing Engineering Business Graduate Studies Human Kinetics Science 
            
            
            
             ACADEMIC SUPPORT
             Office of the Registrar Student Awards Office of the Provost 
            
           
          
         
        
        
        
         ABOUT 
         
         
          
           
            Overview Senior Administration Virtual Tour 
            
            Visitor Information Campus Maps Parking 
            
            VIEW Magazine 
            
           
          
         
        
       
      
     
     
      
       
       CURRENT STUDENTS  ·  ALUMNI + DONORS  ·  FACULTY + STAFF  ·  ASK.UWINDSOR 
         
       
      
     
    
    
   
    
     
      
       
       SEARCH 
       ABOUT 
       ACADEMICS 
       RESEARCH 
       STUDENT LIFE 
       
      
      
       
       CURRENT STUDENTS 
       ALUMNI + DONORS 
       FACULTY + STAFF 
       ASK.UWINDSOR 
       
      
     
    
     
      
    
     
     
      FUTURE STUDENTS 
      
     
    
    
      
     
      
       
       
      
       
        
       
       
     
       
     
      
       
       
         Your browser either does not have JavaScript enabled or does not appear to support enough features of JavaScript to be used well on this site. 
        
       
       
       
      
      
      
         
        
          
         
           
            
            
           
          
         
          
         
           
            
            
           
          
         
          
         
           
            
            
          
         
         
        
          
         
           
            
            
           
          
         
          
         
           
            
            
           
          
         
          
         
           
            
            
          
         
         
        
         
          Log in or Sign up 
          
         
         
       
      
     
     
       
       
       
         
         
         Search 
          
           
           
            Find articles for
            
            Screen Reader users press enter to select a all students.  all students This button does not work with screen readers. Please use the previous link instead. all students 
             
             
              
             
            
            Screen Reader users press enter to select a all topics.  all topics This button does not work with screen readers. Please use the previous link instead. all topics 
             
             
              
             
            
            
              Search by Keyword  
              
             
            
             Search  
            
           
          
         
        
        
       
        
          
          
           
             
            Welcome to ask.UWindsor, we're here to help. Search our ‘knowledge articles’ for information or ask a question for our dedicated staff to answer. 
            
            
           
           
         UWinOnline Popular Articles 
          
          
           
            
             
             Can I defer my graduate offer? 
             If you are thinking about requesting a deferral because of the COVID-19 pandemic we encourage you to take some time before you make that decision. We understand you have many questions, and we’d like to make sure you have all the answers you need before...  
            
             
             What happens if I cannot get a student visa prior to my planned departure to Canada? (COVID-19) 
              Recognizing the difficulties that international students are facing the Government of Canada announced the extension and expansion of the temporary work permit measures.     As a result of the changes:    Studies completed...  
            
             
             I am starting to plan my courses for Fall 2021; what should I know? 
             UWindsor Fall 2021 courses will be delivered through a blend of in person and online courses. When you begin to register for courses, there are some important pieces of information that will help you with course registration for the Fall 2021...  
           
           Show more UWinOnline Answers    
         COVID-19 Popular Articles 
          
          
           
            
             
             What happens if I cannot get a student visa prior to my planned departure to Canada? (COVID-19) 
              Recognizing the difficulties that international students are facing the Government of Canada announced the extension and expansion of the temporary work permit measures.     As a result of the changes:    Studies completed...  
            
             
             Can I travel to the University of Windsor if I am an International Student (COVID-19)? 
             Yes. UWindsor is on the approved list of designated learning institutions (DLIs) that have reopened to asymptomatic international students from outside of Canada. If you have been approved for a study permit you can now travel to Canada for your studies...  
            
             
             Can I defer my undergraduate offer? 
              If you are thinking about requesting a deferral because of the COVID-19 pandemic, we encourage you to take some time before you make that decision. We understand you have many questions, and we’d like to make sure you have all the answers you need...  
           
           Show more COVID-19 Answers    
         All Popular Articles 
          
          
           
            
             
             What programs do you offer? 
              Undergraduate Programs   The University of Windsor offers more than 200 undergraduate programs, which all our programs combine both academic and relevant experience to prepare you to gain a competitive advantage in the...  
            
             
             How do I sign in to UWinsite Student? 
              To sign in to UWinsite Student 1. In your web browser, preferably Google Chrome, go to www.uwindsor.ca/uwinsitestudent. 2. Click the blue SIGN IN TO UWINSITE STUDENT button. 3. On the Sign in screen, enter (or select)...  
            
             
             How do I activate my UWin Account for the first time? 
             Your UWin Account is your personal digital identification for accessing several online services at UWindsor. Applicants need to activate their UWin Account prior to accessing UWinsite Student (undergraduates) or eGAS (graduates).     To...  
            
             
             How do I change my name with UWindsor? 
              Preferred First Name UWindsor recognizes that some students prefer to be addres