
 
   
     
   
    
 
 
   
    
    
   
  Master of Education - Graduate Program - University of Windsor - Windsor, Ontario, Canada  
  
    
    
   
    
    The University of Windsor is preparing for a safe return to campus. Learn More. 
    
    
   
    
     
      
      
       Support UWindsor 
       
        Close  
        
       
      
     
     
     
      QUICK LINKS 
       
       Novel Coronavirus (COVID-19) Updates 
       Current Students 
       Blackboard 
       UWinsite Student 
       Faculty + Staff 
       UWinsite Finance 
       Alumni + Donors 
       Industry + Community Partners 
       ASK.UWINDSOR 
       
      
     
      About 
       
       Overview 
       Senior Administration 
       Virtual Tour 
       
       
       Visitor Information 
       Campus Maps 
       Parking 
       
       
       VIEW Magazine 
       
      
     
      Academics Programs 
       
       Undergraduate Programs 
       Graduate Programs 
       International Programs 
       Co-operative Education 
       Continuing Education 
       Support 
       
       Office of the Registrar 
       Student Awards 
       Office of the Provost 
       
      
     
      Faculties 
       
       Arts, Humanities + Social Sciences 
       Law 
       Education 
       Nursing 
       Engineering 
       Business 
       Graduate Studies 
       Human Kinetics 
       Science 
       
      
     
     
     
      Research 
       
       Overview 
       Vice-President, Research & Innovation 
       Research & Innovation Services 
       Research Appointments 
       
       
       Research Ethics 
       Research Safety 
       Animal Care 
       Research Finance 
       
       
       Leddy Library 
       UWill Discover! 
       EPICentre 
       
      
     
      Student Life 
       
       Overview 
       Athletics + Recreation Services 
       Lancers Varsity Sports 
       University Players 
       SoCA Concerts & Events 
       
       
       Student Accessibility Services 
       Events Calendar 
       Residence 
       Food Services 
       Student Support 
       
      
     
     
     
      Back to Top  
      
     
    
   
   
    
     
        
     
      Menu    Search ask.UWindsor Future Students
      
     
    
    
   
    
     
      
       
      
     
     
      
       
      Master of Education Stay Connected Apply Now 
      
     
    
   
     
    
     
     
      Ask UWindsor Live Chat 
      
      
      
       Start Your Lancer Journey HereStart Here
       
      Back to top
     
     
    
     
      
      
        
        
         
          
          1. Explore 
          
          
           
            
            Undergraduate Programs 
            Graduate Programs 
            Certificate & Diploma Programs 
            Continuing Education 
            International Students 
            Tuition / Fee Estimator 
            Student Support Services 
            Residence & Food Services 
            Experiential Learning & Co-op 
            
           
          
         
        
       
      
        
        
         
          
          2. Connect 
          
          
           
            
            Request Program Information 
            Request Materials 
            Meet our Recruitment Team 
            Live Chat 
            Awards & Financial Aid 
            Meet our Student Ambassadors 
            
           
          
         
        
       
      
        
        
         
          
          3. Visit 
          
          
           
            
            Book a Face to Face Campus Tour 
            Virtual Campus Tour 
            Student Experience 
            Watch Student Videos 
            
           
          
         
        
       
      
        
        
         
          
          4. Apply 
          
          
           
            
            Undergraduate 
            International 
            Graduate 
            Education 
            Law 
            Continuing Education 
            English Pathway Program 
            Transfer Student 
            Mature Student 
            Part-time Student 
            
           
          
         
        
       
      
        
        
         
          
          5. You're In! 
          
          
           
            
            Next Steps 
            Plan Your Program 
            Head Start Orientation 
            Welcome Week 
            Pay Tuition 
            Campus Map 
            Campus Tour 
            
           
          
         
        
       
       
        
        Helpful Links 
         
         
         Important Dates 
         Live Chat 
         Ask.UWindsor 
         Virtual Campus Tour 
         
        
       
      
     
      Close  
      
     
     
    
     
      
       
       Set Yourself Apart 
       Advance your studies with our Master of Education program. You will build a solid foundation in the field of education while exploring current theory. Understand strategies and principles of research to study education while becoming an informed and critical educator.  
       The Master of Education offers a September and January intake in: 
        
        
        Curriculum Studies 
        Educational Administration and Leadership 
        Second Language Acquistion, Culture and Society 
            
        
       Program Overview 
       You will study for approximately 12-16 months. 
       All concentrations include 10 prescribed courses completed over four consecutive academic terms. You have the opportunity to begin your degree in September or January. 
         
         
          
            Program Objectives   
          
          
           
           Our Master of Education program is taught by a highly diverse faculty team that strives to enhance your professional and scholarly growth. They are active and internationally recognized for their important contributions to research, theory, policy, performance, and practice. 
           The Master of Education program will: 
            
            Challenge and inspire you to be a leader in education and training 
            Provide a one-of-a-kind learning experience in small and medium-class sizes 
            Enrich your learning experience with an innovative program 
            
           
          
          
         
          
            Program Highlights   
          
          
           
            
            Individualized plan of study 
            Select the course delivery 
            Distance Education offerings (computer literacy required) 
            Inter-university teams of instructors and supervisory committees 
            Flexible residency requirements - four consecutive terms for full time study 
            Unique opportunities for collaboration and networking with other students and education leaders 
            Full or part-time study options 
            
           
          
         
         
        
        Admission requirements 
         
         Four-year, bachelor-level degree (or equivalent) in an acceptable discipline from an academic institution approved by the University of Windsor 
         The equivalent of a 70% average or higher in undergraduate studies and at least 70% average in the final two years of study. 
         The Statement of Academic Objectives and Research Interests describes your reasons for pursuing graduate study at UWindsor's Faculty of Education. Your statement should include, but not be limited to, a description of: Your research interests; how your previous studies and experience have prepared you for the program; your career and scholary objectives; and how you perceive the graduate degree will advance these objectives. Click here for more information. 
         International Students interested in enrolling in the M.Ed. must demonstrate a certain level of proficiency in English, as the working language of instruction in the Faculty of Education. Students must have an IELTS test score of 7.0 (or above) in three of the four areas of reading, writing, listening and speaking, with the other being no lower than 6.5, or a TOEFL score of 100 (ibt)*.The Master of Education Program also has a new language pathway partnership with ICEAP Toronto. Students who successfully complete the ICEAP pathway programs will satisfy the English language requirements for the course. Click here for more information.*English programming is available if you require extra training prior to entry into the academic program, or have received lower-than-required test scores. 
         
        Enrolment is limited. Preference will be given to candidates who exceed the above minimum requirements and those with relevant work experience. Apply Now 
         
         
        
        Estimated Tuition and Fees 
        Tuition fees are competitively priced and cover all instructional costs. They do not include books, living expenses and health insurance. See our tuition website for current payment information and schedule. Tuition Estimator 
         
         
        
        English Language Assistance 
        We offer assistance programs to complete English-language training and orientation to Canada prior to entering into the Master of Management course work. If you demonstrate excellent English language skills, you may be exempt from taking this training. Visit English Language Improvement Program for more information. Visit ELIP 
         
        
       
       
        
        Career Services and Support 
        Master of Education students have access to supports that help with the development of their career plans and job readiness skills through the Career Development & Experiential Learning 
        Some of the valuable topics included are: 
         
         Career Planning 
         Resume and Cover Letter Development 
         Job Searching in Canada 
         Relationship Building and Networking 
         Interview Techniques and One-on-One Mock Interview Appointments 
         Opportunities to Engage with Canadian Companies & Organizations 
         
        
        
        International Student Centre Support 
        The International Student Centre offers many services for those from outside of Canada, including: 
         
         Immigration Legislation and Guidelines 
         Health Plans & Services 
         Programs and activities for new international students 
         
        
       
      
    
   
    
   
    
     
      
       
       Concentrations & Streams 
        
       
      
       
      
      Upon being admitted to the program, students chose one of three areas of concentrations in which to conduct their studies: 
       
      
      
       
        
        Curriculum Studies 
        Examine philosophical orientations, conceptual frameworks, and research methodologies relevant to the study of theoretical and developmental aspects of curriculum in a Canadian and international context. This program will allow you to develop your skills and knowledge to enhance your professional practice.
         Learn More 
         
        
       
       
        
        Educational Administration and Leadership 
        Gain leadership skills while you examine philosophical orientations, theoretical frameworks, and research methodologies. Study of educational administration and leadership, policy and leadership in a Canadian and international context. 
         Learn More 
         
        
       
       
        
        Second Language Acquistion, Culture and Society 
        Obtain skills to teach in linguistically and culturally diverse schools with a more robust sense of cultural and linguistic responsiveness. Explore the importance of international and interdisciplinary collaborations in teaching and research.
         Learn More 
         
        
        
        
       
       Furthermore, students have the option to complete the M.Ed. degree by following one of three streams: 
        
        
       
        
         
         Course-based stream 
         Course-Based Stream students are required to complete successfully the equivalent of a minimum of 10 term courses, where the tenth course is the Final Project Seminar.Find below some of the mandatory courses the student will be taking: 
          
          ? Research in Education 
          ? Qualitative Methods in Educational Research 
          ? Fundamentals of Curriculum TheoryFor candidates enrolled in the Curriculum Studies Specilization 
          ? Theory of Educational Administration and Leadership For candidates enrolled in the Educational Administration and Leadership Specilization 
          ? Theories and Approaches in Language Acquisition and InstructionFor candidates enrolled in the Second Language Acquisition in Culture and Society Specilization 
          ? Final Project Seminar 
         
          Apply Now 
          
         
         
        
        
         
         Major Paper Stream 
         Major Paper stream students are required to complete successfully 8 graduate courses, plus 2 credits for the Major Paper.Find below some of the mandatory courses the student will be taking: 
          
          ? Research in Education 
          ? Statistics in Education 
          ? Fundamentals of Curriculum TheoryFor candidates enrolled in the Curriculum Studies Specilization 
          ? Theory of Educational Administration and Leadership For candidates enrolled in the Educational Administration and Leadership Specilization 
          ? Theories and Approaches in Language Acquisition and InstructionFor candidates enrolled in the Second Language Acquisition in Culture and Society Specilization 
          ? Major Paper
           
         
          Apply Now 
          
         
        
        
         
         Thesis Stream 
         Thesis stream students are required to complete successfully 6 courses plus 4 credits for the Thesis.Find below some of the mandatory courses the student will be taking: 
          
          ? Research in Education 
          ? Statistics in Education 
          ? A research project resulting in a Thesis 
          ? Fundamentals of Curriculum TheoryFor candidates enrolled in the Curriculum Studies Specilization 
          ? Theory of Educational Administration and Leadership For candidates enrolled in the Educational Administration and Leadership Specilization 
          ? Theories and Approaches in Language Acquisition and InstructionFor candidates enrolled in the Second Language Acquisition in Culture and Society Specilization 
         
         
         
          Apply Now 
          
         
         
         
        
        Courses are primarily on-site in the M.Ed. regular program. Occassionally courses may be offered online. Full-time and part-time study opportunities are available.Students can choose the online delivery model and can take one of the two concentrations: Educational Administration and Leadership, and Curriculum Studies.Students are required to complete 10 credits in the M.Ed. Program. The credits are determined by the stream being completed. 
        
       
      
     
     
    
     
      
       
        
         
         Apply to UWindsor 
          
         With the programs you want and smaller student-to-faculty ratios, you can get the hands-on learning that’s sure to set you on a journey to a future you’ll be proud of. 
          How to Apply
         
        
       
      
     
     
    
     
      
       
        
        Distinction 
        World-Class Faculty 
         
        At the University of Windsor, you will interact with faculty who will continuously motivate and challenge you. 
        Our Master of Education program is taught by a highly diverse faculty team that strives to enhance each student’s professional and scholarly growth and is specially designed for those students interested in exploring and understanding issues of equity, diversity, and social justice. 
         
          
         "The Faculty of Education, in particular, and grad studies in general, at the University of Windsor have transformed me holistically f