 
  
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
  Return to Campus 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
    
    
  
   
  
   
    
   
    Skip to main content 
    
    
     
      
       
        
        
         
          University of Windsor Search
           Enter the terms you wish to search for.  
            
           
           
           Search 
         
        
        
       
      
     
     
      
       
        
         Support UWindsor  CLOSE  
         
        
       
       
        QUICK LINKS 
         
         Return to Campus
         Roadmap for Fall
         Current Students
         Blackboard
         UWinsite Student
         Faculty + Staff
         UWinsite Finance
         Alumni + Donors
         Industry + Community Partners 
         
        
        About 
        
         About UWindsor 
         Office of the President 
         Virtual Tour 
        
        
         Visitor Information 
         Campus Maps 
         Parking 
        
        
         VIEW Magazine 
         
        
        Academics Programs
        
         Undergraduate Programs 
         Graduate Programs 
         International Programs 
         Co-operative Education 
         Continuing Education 
        Support
        
         Office of the Registrar 
         Student Awards 
         Office of the Provost 
         
        
        Faculties 
        
         Arts, Humanities, and Social Sciences 
         Law 
         Education 
         Nursing 
         Engineering 
         Business 
         Graduate Studies 
         Human Kinetics 
         Science 
         
        
      
       
        Research 
        
         COVID-19 Research and Innovation Guidance 
         Vice-President, Research & Innovation 
         Research & Innovation Services 
         Research Partnerships  
         Research Appointments 
        
        
         Research Ethics 
         Research Safety 
         Animal Care 
         Research Finance 
        
        
         Leddy Library 
         UWill Discover! 
         EPICentre 
         
        
        Student Life 
        
         About Student Life 
         UWindsor Events 
         SoCA Concerts & Events 
         Lancers Varsity Sports 
         University Players 
        
        
         Athletics + Recreation Services 
         Student Accessibility Services 
         Residence 
         Food Services 
         Student Support 
         
        
        
         
          Back to Top  
          
         
        
       
      
     
     
      
       
        
            
         
          FUTURE STUDENTS   ask.UWindsor    MENU   
         
         ask.UWindsor   FUTURE STUDENTS  
       
      
     
    
    
     
       
         Return to Campus    In this section   
        
         
          
          
           Information for Students 
           Information for Faculty 
           Information for Staff 
           Information about Research 
           Available and Remote Campus Services 
           Institutional Response to the COVID-19 Pandemic 
           Health & Safety: COVID-19 Guidelines and Protocols 
           Action Group on Fall Return 
           Latest News 
           Submit a Question 
          
          
         
        
        
         
          
           
            
            
             Information for Students 
             Information for Faculty 
             Information for Staff 
             Information about Research 
             Available and Remote Campus Services 
             Institutional Response to the COVID-19 Pandemic 
             Health & Safety: COVID-19 Guidelines and Protocols 
             Action Group on Fall Return 
             Latest News 
             Submit a Question 
            
            
           
          
         
        
         
        
        
         
         
        
        
         UWindsor Home 
         Return to Campus 
         Return to Campus Life and Community 
         
        
        
           
         Return to Campus Life and Community 
          
           
            
           
           
            
               
             
            
             
              
               How do you UWindsor? 
               Click the appropriate box for specific information about the 2021 Fall Return. 
                
                 
                  
                   
                    
                     
                      
                       
                        
                         
                          
                           
                            
                           
                          
                          
                           
                            
                           
                          
                          
                           
                            
                           
                          
                          
                           
                            
                           
                          
                         
                        
                       
                      
                     
                    
                   
                  
                 
                
               The University of Windsor is planning for a return to face-to-face programming and on campus activities in Fall 2021, with a mix of face-to-face, hybrid, and online courses. Fall 2021 Courses are now available for viewing on UWinsite Student. Fall 2021 timetables have been posted to the Registrar site. 
               Important Registration Information for Fall 2021 
               Important Dates - UWindsor Registrar Site 
               The shopping cart for returning students will open on July 12, 2021 for students to be able to place and validate courses. Registration for returning students will open on July 19, 2021. Registration for first-year students opened June 14, 2021. 
                
               We're prepared for Fall 2021 
                
                As we turn our focus to the Fall 2021 semester to maximize opportunities for on-campus experiences, the University’s top priority continues to remain the health and safety of all of our students, faculty and staff. Robust safety plans and protocols have been in place since the beginning of the pandemic and continue to be enhanced as part of our COVID-19 response. Our approach to planning has been for a safe and measured return to campus life and community, while also remaining flexible, so that we may be responsive to evolving public health guidance. 
                With the return of students, faculty and staff this Fall, a range of health measures will continue to be in place in September, ensuring the health and safety of the UWindsor community. Please review the actions the University is taking below, including: 
                 
                 Non-medical masks or face coverings are required on-campus when entering all campus buildings and common spaces. 
                 Enhanced cleaning will continue daily across campus. 
                 Those coming to campus will be asked to complete the daily self-assessment questionnaire through the Safe Lancer App. 
                 The University promotes the importance of hand-washing and hygiene protocols. 
                 
                 
                  
                   
                    
                    Broad Range of Course Delivery Modes Courses will be delivered in a variety of formats including Face-to-Face, Online, Hybrid and Hy-Flex. Teaching and learning takes place in a variety of forms. Class size, format (lecture vs. labs), student population and facilities are just a few of the many factors UWindsor faculties are taking into account when deciding upon how to deliver classes in Fall 2021. UWindsor is committed to a flexible and 